Created a guide on how to create a new release (#162)
Vonage/Grafana_Status_panel: Release-Process.md

# Grafana Status Panel Release Process

> This document contains the technical aspects of the Grafana Status Panel release process. The intended audience is thoes who have approved by Vonage to crete, promote and sign official release builds for this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document contains the technical aspects of the Grafana Status Panel release process. The intended audience is those who have been approved by Vonage to create, promote and sign official release builds for this plugin.
```

## Creating a new Release

To create a new release for this plugin follow these steps:

* setup your environment by installing node js, ruby and sass (`gem install sass`), and then running `npm i` or `npm install`
* Now you need to update the `plugin.json` file, used by Grafana to define this plugin. usually, you'll just need to update the `version` (also update it in the `package.json` and `package-lock.json` files) and the `updated` fields.
* Make sure that the dist folder is up to date with the source folder by running `grunt` or `npx grunt`. this will build a new version and update the dist folder.
* Now you need to commit all these changes to the `develop` branch and then merge them to the `master` brach.

> * Now you'll need to update the [grafana-plugin-repository](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-repository). Create a PR with a new version in the `repo.json` under the `vonage-status-panel` section. you need to fill there the `version` according to the new version, the `url` (just copy paste the last one) and the `commit` which is the hash of the new version commit.

Reviewer: what do you mean, copy and paste the last url?

Author: it's just the repo URL, you'll see in the JSON

Reviewer: Could you post an example here to make it clearer please?

Author: done
